most of these glaciers are
declining someone has to go out
there and really show what's
happening to those climate
changes here now me and Coleman
schoolyard we're going to cross
all the 20 biggest glaciers in
the world
we always try to have some fun
and this trips and we're always
competing a little bit
one time we come to this slope
and just writes that is that
crack whore some going down this
low so
as good son yeah oh yeah I'm the
old guy in 52 since the young
guy is 28
that's all that's what this
expedition is really about
knowledge transferring the
moment the alter the nature of
the younger generation i did a
lot of the solar trips and just
out there by yourself and
everything is so extreme so I'm
really glad minsan i decided to
do this project together because
tools can achieve a lot more
than just one person
thanks for the feedback
works